# HOTEL-HUNTER
 The "HOTEL HUNTER" project was a comprehensive endeavor aimed at revolutionizing the hotel booking experience through creating a dynamic and efficient platform for booking accommodations and the integration of Hotel booking website and chatbot.

Hotel Hunter project focused on designing and developing a chatbot for a hotel booking website and the website.The chatbot was built using Amazon Lex, a cloud-based service that allows developers to build and deploy chatbots with natural language understanding. The chatbot was integrated with the website using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, which were used to create the website's layout, design and interactive features.
The website featured several modules, including a home page that provided an overview of the website's content and features, a section on top destination points that highlighted popular locations around the world, and a list of recommended hotels in select cities, complete with detailed descriptions of each hotel's amenities and services. The website was also integrated with a chatbot, which was connected to the platform Kommunicate for website integration. This allowed the admins to view the conversations between the chatbot and the users, and to verify bookings and study business patterns based on user preferences, such as the hotels, the city, room type, and budget.
The chatbot was designed to be easy to use and understand, with a natural and conversational language style. It was able to understand and interpret user inputs related to city, check-in date, number of nights, and preferred hotel and room type, and provide options based on these criteria.
The chatbot was also able to confirm and complete bookings once the user had confirmed their reservation details along with name and contact details of the user on whose name the reservation of the room has been done.
